Create model.rst (#3926)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/models/model.rst

**$createdField**

> Specifies which database field to use for data record create timestamp.

Reviewer: "data record create timestamp" seems off to me.

Author: Yes, I agree with you. Just didn't want to go farther before getting positive feedback.

Reviewer: Ok then. Can you please go further and edit "data record create timestamp" to make it less confusing?

> Leave it empty to avoid update it (even useTimestamps is enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave it empty to avoid updating it (even if ``$useTimestamps`` is enabled)
```

Author: Yes, very good, see my previous comment above.  If you would like me to continue with these "nitty-gritties" I'd be delighted to do so as I peruse the docs and notice these anomalies.  I'll try to get better at the commits, and try to be better about the descriptions. Please give me feedback as required.
Again, aside from these little hiccups, I'm very impressed by the docs!

- [ ]

Reviewer: Please do so. Your help is appreciated.
